<?xml version="1.0" ?>
<!DOCTYPE refentry PUBLIC "-//KDE//DTD DocBook XML V4.2-Based Variant V1.1//EN" "dtd/kdex.dtd" [
<!ENTITY % English "INCLUDE">
]>

<refentry lang="&language;">
<refentryinfo>
<author><personname><firstname>Ben</firstname><surname>Burton</surname></personname><email>bab@debian.org</email></author>
<date>April 8, 2003</date>
</refentryinfo>

<refmeta>
<refentrytitle><command>pruneemptydirs</command></refentrytitle>
<manvolnum>1</manvolnum>
</refmeta>

<refnamediv>
<refname><command>pruneemptydirs</command></refname>
<refpurpose>Detects stale source directories in a CVS tree</refpurpose>
</refnamediv>

<refsynopsisdiv>
<cmdsynopsis>
<command>pruneemptydirs</command>
<group><option>-f</option></group>
</cmdsynopsis>
</refsynopsisdiv>

<refsect1>
<title>Description</title>

<para><command>pruneemptydirs</command> is used to clean up a local
CVS tree. It detects directories containing remnants of old stuff
which has been removed from the CVS. Such stale directories often
break compilation. The current directory and all directories beneath
it will be examined.</para>

<para>Note that this tool does not remove anything; it simply prints
what to do as a series of remove commands. You can copy and paste
these commands, or use them with eval in a script.</para>

<para>This tool works better if the source directory is not the same
as the build directory, since it will not print directories containing
old executables.</para>

<para>This utility is part of the KDE Software Development Kit.</para>

</refsect1>

<refsect1>
<title>Options</title>

<variablelist>
<varlistentry>
<term><option>-f</option></term>
<listitem><para>Actually perform the deletions instead of just printing them out.  Use this option with care.</para></listitem>
</varlistentry>
</variablelist>

</refsect1>

<refsect1>
<title>Authors</title>

<para><command>pruneemptydirs</command> was written by &David.Faure; &David.Faure.mail;</para>
<para>This manual page was prepared by <personname><firstname>Ben</firstname><surname>Burton</surname></personname><email>bab@debian.org</email></para>
</refsect1>

</refentry>
