<?xml version="1.0" ?>
<!DOCTYPE refentry PUBLIC "-//KDE//DTD DocBook XML V4.2-Based Variant V1.1//EN" "dtd/kdex.dtd" [
<!ENTITY kdeoptions SYSTEM "kdeoptions.docbook">
<!ENTITY qtoptions SYSTEM "qtoptions.docbook">
<!ENTITY % English "INCLUDE">
]>

<refentry lang="&language;">
<refentryinfo>
<date>March 8, 2003</date>
</refentryinfo>

<refmeta>
<refentrytitle><command>create_makefile</command></refentrytitle>
<manvolnum>1</manvolnum>
</refmeta>

<refnamediv>
<refname><command>create_makefile</command></refname>
<refpurpose>Creates <filename>Makefile.in</filename> and <filename>Makefile</filename> from a <filename>Makefile.am</filename></refpurpose>
</refnamediv>

<refsynopsisdiv>
<cmdsynopsis>
<command>create_makefile</command>
<group><replaceable>relativepath/Makefile</replaceable></group>
<group><replaceable>relativepath</replaceable></group>
</cmdsynopsis>
</refsynopsisdiv>

<refsect1>
<title>Description</title>

<para><command>create_makefile</command> creates the
<filename>Makefile.in</filename> and <filename>Makefile</filename> in
a subdirectory containing a <filename>Makefile.am</filename>.  This
script saves time compared to re-running configure completely</para>

<para>Note that you must supply the path to the desired
<filename>Makefile</filename> <filename>Makefile.am</filename> (though
the final <filename>/Makefile</filename> may be omitted).</para>

<para>This script may be run from the toplevel directory (the one
containing <filename>configure</filename>) or from one of it's
subdirectories.</para>

<para>If the source directory is different from the build directory
(see the environment variables below), it will be assumed that the
<filename>Makefile.am</filename> and <filename>Makefile.in</filename>
belong beneath the source directory and that the
<filename>Makefile</filename> belongs beneath the build
directory. </para>

<para>This utility is part of the &kde; Software Development Kit.</para>

</refsect1>

<refsect1>
<title>Environment</title>

<para>One of the following variables (but not both) should be set if
the source directory is different from the build directory. If the
build directory is simply a subdirectory of the source directory, the
simpler variable <envar>OBJ_SUBDIR</envar> should be used. </para>

<variablelist>
<varlistentry>
<term><envar>OBJ_SUBJDIR</envar></term>
<listitem><para>Indicates that the build directory is in the given subdirectory of the source directory. For instance, if the source directory is <filename class="directory">kdesdk</filename> and the build directory is <filename class="directory">kdesdk/obj-i386-linux</filename>, then <envar>OBJ_SUBDIR</envar> should be set to <parameter>obj-i386-linux</parameter>.</para></listitem>
</varlistentry>
<varlistentry>
<term><envar>OBJ_REPLACEMENT</envar></term>
<listitem><para>A <command>sed</command> expression that is used to transform the source directory into the build directory. For instance, if the source directory is <filename class="directory">~/src/kdesdk</filename> and the build directory is <filename class="directory">~/src/kdesdk-obj</filename>, then <envar>OBJ_REPLACEMENT</envar> should be set to <parameter>s#kdesdk#kdesdk-obj#</parameter>.</para></listitem>
</varlistentry>
</variablelist>

</refsect1>

<refsect1>
<title>See Also</title>

<para>create_makefiles(1)</para>
</refsect1>
<refsect1>
<title>Authors</title>

<para>create_makefile was written by &David.Faure; &David.Faure.mail; and
 others.  This manual page was prepared by
 <personname><firstname>Ben</firstname><surname>Burton</surname></personname>
 <email>bab@debian.org</email> for the Debian GNU/Linux system (but may be
 used by others).</para>
</refsect1>
</refentry>
